what's up guys I'm back but I'm kind of
not back my car is in Oregon I need to
go out there and get it the trip totally
took a spin that was not predicting one
of my friends bought me a plane ticket
from Oregon to Milwaukee and I drove
down with him helped him move let him in
on kind of what I'm doing me and him
used to sell motorcycles back when we
were sophomores in college and he
already has the reselling kind of
instinct so I was going over some stuff
with him for a while while we're driving
to Florida I'm getting him interested in
all of the resale game my mode of
transportation back to Oregon was gonna
be a scooter but my friend who is
supposed to go with me decided that it
really wasn't for him he bailed took
some of my time away but that's okay I'm
gonna be able to still fly a plane
ticket out there get my car go down to
California my other friend wants to come
with me back to Florida we're gonna
figure all that out come back to Florida
actually have a wedding that I'm gonna
be in on the 24th of November that's
gonna be really cool I have my attempt
at a beard and a prepubescent mustache
that I'm going just as a reminder that I
need to study and pass my state board
exams so until I pass I will not shave
give me an extra motivation every time I
look at myself in the mirror thinking
you got a study you got a study you got
a study your LSAT disgusting beard is
gonna stay on your face for the rest of
your life I did however want to answer
some questions about the road trip that
I've been asked a lot how are you
selling your inventory we're using eBay
one-day auctions three-day auctions we
were putting that stuff up quick when we
pop out at thrift store if I'm driving
Ethan would be putting the item on the
dash taking pictures of it creating a
listing putting it up because if it's
not up it can't sell so we're just
trying to give it up as soon as possible
it's too big for the dash who was taking
pictures of it in the thrift store
parking lot
it's an auction but we're putting our
minimum price that we would want to sell
it for for instance the boat steering
wheel that I had in the video with
bonafide daikon when I was in Texas
really cool it was metal it was wood it
was made in the USA
high-quality but I kept putting it at
one-day auctions for 50 bucks and it
took about two or three realists to sell
but I still got my 50 bucks for it
doesn't sell for that I don't drop the
price of just realistic so I know what
it's worth and I know what I can get for
it and it doesn't take up that much room
we tried to focus on smaller items but
then got carried away sometimes and
bought golf bags and luggage cases just
humongous things that were ridiculously
big I was really hesitant about even
being able to make money on this trip
but it is clear to me now it is possible
it is possible to do it takes a lot of
discipline it takes a lot of work I was
not expecting how much of a nightmare
was gonna be for filming editing and
trying to get videos up that was
probably the toughest part of the trip
was trying to film stuff and coordinate
schedules with people and it was just
that was ridiculous we had a great time
I'm still having a great time the most
common question was how do you should be
targeting controllers and I've actually
got two that I sold on Amazon right here
they sold for I think 65 or 70 dollars
ship and all's it is is a box you
flatten it you tape up the sides pick
the guitar in the open flap and then you
tape up the rest of it and you just
gotta find a box it's big enough for
those explorers or break down the Les
Paul's if you need but it's super easy
to ship do not let that stop you from
getting the guitars because they're
awesome this one when we were on the
road I had sold 35 of them and that was
all on Amazon that brought in some great
cash for me it has been amazing to see
and stay with people that I have known
for my entire life and people that I
have just met in real life through
YouTube totally awesome opportunity one
of my more notable accomplishments was
climbing Mount st. Helens on an entire
wardrobe and gear that I bought at the
thrift store which was pretty freakin
cool to be able to do such a rigorous
accomplishment on secondhand goods I had
amazing blisters on my feet from shoes
that we're one size too big and one size
too wide but didn't stop me from making
it to the summit and having a great time
with one of my friends that I went with
getting boxes was not that big of a
problem I would go to go to the back of
some stores look for cardboard bins
because it looks like on the west coast
they separate their cardboard from
everything else whatever stores like
Trader Joe's and just get boxes that way
so we went through about 15 rolls of
tape I had a printer in the car with me
so we could print something out on the
laptop if we needed a label Amazon FBA
was something that we also could use
where you are packaging the stuff and
shipping it to
Amazon facility for them to process and
fulfilled the order I wasn't able to put
a lot of stuff up on YouTube but the
filming and editing was ridiculously
harder than I thought it was going to be
so I put a lot more stuff up on
Instagram and Facebook so people that
are following me up there have been able
to see a lot more of the trip that way
but filming yourselves is ridiculously
hard to do Craigslist Joe would have had
a horrible time filming his stuff if you
had to do it all themselves Ethan is in
Los Angeles California studying law I'm
studying for my board exams and I'm
gonna be taking classes in the spring or
summer but I gotta go take some of this
guitar hero money and go buy a flight to
Portland so I will catch you guys later
thank you guys so much for the support
and I will see you guys in about a week
all right bye